INSTALL Index:

      1.First Steps
      2.Configuring your channel list
      3.Install
      4.Running the script      
      5.Uninstall
      
      
      
1. FIRST STEPS:

An installation bash script is included with the program, but fist
you will have to configure some personal configuration parameters.

In order to do so, open the wisremote file and take a look to
lines 39-49 and change the values of each option to fit your
needs.



2. CONFIGURING YOUR CHANNEL LIST:

Now you will have to change the channel list that starts at line
98 on the wisremote file following the instructions given on the
comments starting at line 77.

In order to simplify the channel scanning process, a python script
named "chanscanner" has been included within the package.

You will need to have the gorecord application (included with the
go7007 driver) in your system's path.

To run the script type "./chanscanner" to see it's usage and then
run it according your band name's number.

The execution of the script might take a while, and after it's done
you'll have several 2 second long video files inside a directory
named 'captures'.

Check every single file and note the name of the files that contain
real TV images. Then use that info to change the channels variable
on the wisremote source.

For instance, if I notice that the TV channel that has been recored
at the ch25.avi file after the scan is "TVE 1", I would write down
this line on the channels variable at the wisremote file:

1:['25','TVE 1','None'],

That would be in the case I don't have an icon for the channel. If
I do have one (a png with a size of 16x16 pixels), copy the icon
file (la1.png on the example) inside the icons directory and add:

1:['25','TVE 1',self.options["ProgramFolder"]+'icons/la1.png'],



3. INSTALL

Run the following command in order to intall the script on your 
system.

sudo ./install-wisremote



4. RUNNING THE SCRIPT

After running the installation script, type wisremote from command
line to see the available options.

You will also have a link to the tray mode available from gnome's
menu.



5. UNINSTALL

Run the following command in order to unintall the script from your 
system.

sudo ./uninstall-wisremote

